# midiconstants -- An unofficial MIDI SDK
This repository contains all (General)MIDI constants in semicolon delimited text
files.

## Legal information
I do not claim any copyright on the data files found in this repository. However,
for the code generator part, I have decided to use the 2-clause BSD license. The
difference here is that I do not feel that I am the author of the data files
(though I compiled it). However, I still wanted some attribution for the code
generator and language bindings. If this is unclear, open an issue.

## Contents
 * `status_codes.txt` contains all MIDI status codes
 * `control_codes.txt` contains all control codes for MIDI status 0xB0
 * `gm_programs.txt` contains names of all General MIDI programs
 * `gm_drumkit.txt` contains names of all General MIDI percussion instruments

## Usage
You may compile any include file by running the corresponding python script:

    python3 -- gm_drumkit.py output_directory .
    
The `.` is needed since the script takes the current directory from the command
line. In addition to manually run the scripts, it is possible to use the project
out-of-the-box from a Maike enabled project. Thus, all include files can be
generated by running Maike from this directory, and all include files will end
up in the directory `__targets`.

### Control codes
Control codes less than 32 have a corresponding Least Significant Byte control
code obtained by adding 32 to the Most Significant Byte control code. Therefore,
these are not listed in `control_codes.txt`.


